1436790/1438462: Part 22: 20 files with MSDN link fixes. (#10430)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wcf/configuring-services-using-configuration-files.md

  
-   `contract`. Specifies the interface that defines the contract. This is the interface implemented in the common language runtime (CLR) type specified by the `name` attribute of the `service` element.  
  

> -   [\<endpoint> element reference](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-4.0/ms731320(v=vs.100))  

Reviewer: Maybe it would be better to link to the two endpoint elements that the topic used to link to:
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/framework/configure-apps/file-schema/wcf/endpoint-element and https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/framework/configure-apps/file-schema/wcf/endpoint-of-client

### The \<binding> Element  
 The `binding` elements contained in the `bindings` element can be either one of the system-provided bindings (see [System-Provided Bindings](../../../docs/framework/wcf/system-provided-bindings.md)) or a custom binding (see [Custom Bindings](../../../docs/framework/wcf/extending/custom-bindings.md)). The `binding` element has a `name` attribute that correlates the binding with the endpoint specified in the `bindingConfiguration` attribute of the `endpoint` element. If no name is specified then that binding corresponds to the default of that binding type.  
  

>  For more information about configuring services and clients, see [Configuring Windows Communication Foundation Applications](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-3.5/ms733830(v=vs.90)).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about configuring services and clients, see [Configuring WCF services](configuring-services.md).
```

There are two other topics with the same link that should have the same update:
https://github.com/dotnet/docs/search?q=13cb368e-88d4-4c61-8eed-2af0361c6d7a&unscoped_q=13cb368e-88d4-4c61-8eed-2af0361c6d7a

  
## See also
- [Simplified Configuration](../../../docs/framework/wcf/simplified-configuration.md)

> - [Configuring Windows Communication Foundation Applications](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-3.5/ms733830(v=vs.90))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Configuring WCF services](configuring-services.md)
```
